David Gonski AC Chairman 11 November 2019
Dear Shareholder
On behalf of the Board of Directors, I have pleasure in enclosing notice of the fifty-first Annual General Meeting of Australia and New Zealand Banking Group Limited.
The Meeting will be held in the Plaza Ballroom, Plaza Level, Brisbane Convention & Exhibition Centre, corner Merivale and Glenelg Streets, South Bank, Brisbane QLD 4101 on Tuesday, 17 December 2019 at 10:00am (Brisbane time).
Our choice of location for each year’s Meeting reflects our policy of rotating shareholder meetings among the major cities in which our shareholders are located. This gives as many shareholders as possible the opportunity to directly participate in meetings of ANZ. In recent years we have held shareholder meetings in Melbourne, Adelaide, Perth and Sydney.
If you are a holder of ANZ ordinary shares, you are entitled to vote on all items of business at the Meeting subject to the voting restrictions set out in the Notice of Meeting.
If you are able to attend, please bring this letter with you to facilitate your admission into the Meeting. If you have any questions with regard to the Meeting, please call ANZ’s Share Registrar on 1800 11 33 99 or if outside Australia on (61 3) 9415 4010.
ANZ staff will be available outside the meeting room on the day should you wish to discuss any shareholder matters.
If you are entitled to vote but you are unable to attend the Meeting, you can appoint a proxy using the attached Proxy Form. Alternatively, you can visit www.investorvote.com.au or scan the QR Code on the Proxy Form with your mobile device in order to submit your proxy voting instructions electronically. In addition, you will be able to access our live webcast on anz.com/agm and listen to the addresses made at the Meeting.
Finally, I confirm ANZ’s 2019 Annual Report and 2019 Annual Review are now available online and I encourage you to visit anz.com/annualreport in order to view them.
Yours faithfully
David Gonski AC, Chairman
Australia and New Zealand Banking Group Limited (ANZ) ABN 11 005 357 522.